Get me out.
I will explain to them myself.
Don't worry.
Although martial arts
But the prestige of our martial arts leader is still there.
Not this one.
I'm afraid if you show up someone will assassinate you.
"No one knows how many people he has arranged in the Demon Sect?"
Who are you?
The villagers do not age.
You must know that everything behind is done by Su Changsong.
He just wants you to die in the Devil's Sect.
Didn't they say that the entire village was sacrificed to the village chief that year?
He practiced black magic.
In the end, relying on Y To Truong Tung and the major sects joining forces, they were barely able to suppress them.
Probably embarrassed to talk about that year.
So you are from Bat Lao village.
Don't say this.
Later, the Bang Chu and the governor will take you out.
Remember, you absolutely cannot let To Truong Tung catch this thing.
I will definitely break his heart.
How about you?
I will go to the meeting.
You come to my demonic sect.
Want to buy a wheelchair?
I will not go, if I do not hand over the Guo Sect Master today.
I destroy your Demonic Cult.
Hand it over, you can take his ashes.
The last plan was not wrong.
But something always feels wrong.
Lord Guo is dead.
I will tear you to pieces.
Guys, let's get this guy.
Just like that want to go down with the leader.
So loyal.
Don't be afraid, everyone.
We have a lot of people.
Can't let him go crazy.
Just one of us a mouthful of saliva.
Might as well drown him.
Yes, boss Su is right.
We have a lot of people now.
Pacification of Demonic Cult
Revenge for the Lord
Want to level the devil
First ask if the sword in my hand agrees.